"terms used": it would be better for these definitions to flow with
the narrative rather than make a list (it's boring to read a list).

The project goals section now describes the evolution of the goals.
Rather, can you rewrite as the motivation for doing this project.  Who
is the target audience?  Why is structural design important?  What
about structural design is non-intuitive or requires lots of training
to understand?  This should be written so that an average CS graduate,
with some interest in geometry/computer graphics can follow along.
Don't assume that the reader also has a degree in structures :) The
intro/motivation section should be about 3-5 pages.  As you talk with
architecture students, either informally or within the user study, you
can use some of those anecdotes or comments in the intro/motivation.
(take notes during the meeting so you can capture this info!)

related work.  You should start this ASAP, collecting & summarizing
and describing the context of prior work and how your system fits in
is time consuming.  This section should be research papers, books (on
structural engineering etc), and on existing software (that may not
have papers or books describing its inner workings).

section 2, thin shell structures.  I think this can be put in the
intro/motivation.  Also, having some images to go with the building
names can be very helpful.  Try to find images that are public domain.
Be sure to properly cite the source of the image.

Give more specific examples of why uninterrupted space is important.

You need a citation for figure 3.1

Section 3.1 can be written with more detail.  Perhaps additional
diagrams?  More explanation of "traditional construction".  A
discussion of tension vs compression should go somewhere too.

Gaud -> Gaudi

Gaudi should probably be introducted and described more in related
work(?)  Or maybe add a section between intro/motivation & related
work called background or something?

when you introduce catenary (wherever it fits), you should explain
that's the optimal shape assuming a uniform load.  If the surface will
have uneven or point loads, then a catenary is not optimal.  diagrams
are helpful too.

section 4:

don't start with a description of the tool.  Start with the motivation
for the layout.  What does the user need to do, why are multiple
panels necessary, what should the user look at, what analysis should
they be able to do?  Try to discuss the design of the layout (why?),
rather than just the final layout.  Then, of course you'll have a
chapter discussing evaluation of the tool, and the design of the user
study, and the results of the user study.  Your thesis should include
(probably as appendix material) the questionaire and design exercise
instructions, etc.

About captions: I'm a big fan of lengthy captions, one or more
sentences telling you everything about the figure.


--------------------


possibly outline:

1 intro/motivation
1.1 background (?)
1.2 related work
2 simulation method/algorithm (incl. poly count & performance stats)
3 user interface design (incl. screen shots of interface & examples)
4 user study (incl. design of study, and result data)
(5 results -- not sure if this is needed, if all the results are in 2,3,&4)
6 future work & conclusions

2,3,&4 are the lengthy chapters.  1.2 is also lengthy.  target length
100+ pages (more figures will help), target reference count 25+






* In the algorithm chapter you should discuss the discrete mesh, you
 should include images of an original mesh and how it deforms over
 time.  You can visualize/diagram the compressive/tensile forces,
 etc.

* Yes, the UI section needs to have lots more detail and design
 discussion.

* Before diving into user student participants, include a significant
 discussion of the goals and design of the study.

* Why are there no examples of output from your tool.  You should
 include an illustrative screenshot for every positive and negative
 aspect of your tool.

* I hope the bibliography is not yet complete...